Glossary terms under B (#726)
canonical/ubuntu-server-documentation: docs/reference/glossary.md

BDC
Backup Domain Controller

>     Backup Domain Controller (BDC) is a (legacy) Windows NT4 domain controller that authenticates network users using a read-only copy of the Security Account Manager database (SAM). A BDC acts as a backup for a Primary Domain Controller ({term}`PDC`) and can authenticate users locally in a large network. A [Samba server](https://ubuntu.com/server/docs/explanation/intro-to/samba/#introduction-to-samba) may be deployed as a BDC in the deprecated Windows NT4 domain controller mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Backup Domain Controller (BDC) is a (legacy) Windows NT4 domain controller that authenticates network users using a read-only copy of the Security Account Manager database (SAM). A BDC acts as a backup for a Primary Domain Controller ({term}`PDC`) and can authenticate users locally in a large network. A {ref}`Samba server <introduction-to-samba>` may be deployed as a BDC in the deprecated Windows NT4 domain controller mode.
```

Author: Hi @s-makin ! Thanks for accepting the contribution.
I made the suggested change and looked up the Intro to -- Samba MD file to see how the reference link is added. I'll use these in future.

I'd like to contribute more. I'm happy to work on more glossary items, but what would be really, really great is -- if you have an old issue sitting in the backlog that requires a lot of digging around or testing but very little prior expertise :)

If not, I can work on some of the glossary terms under C and submit another PR.

Reviewer: Hmm, I'll see what I can find - is there anything in particular you're interested in digging around on?

Author: Nothing specific. I'm a relatively new Ubuntu user, so anything involving package management, file organization, configurations, etc. that involve using the command line would be interesting. I guess just about anything that's not GUI-based would do.

Reviewer: In that case, basically everything is open for you to pick from. One thing that is always very welcome that we don't have standing issues for is if you want to pick a page and test it out, to see if there's anything you find that doesn't work, or is confusing, or where the output doesn't match what we've documented, for example.

One great example of a page that needs testing is our [managing software](https://ubuntu.com/server/docs/tutorial/managing-software/#managing-software) tutorial, particularly from the point of view of someone who's quite new to Ubuntu. I recently updated the code blocks because they changed in Resolute, but I would love to get a second pair of fresh eyes on it to make sure there was nothing missed, or to make sure that the surrounding text still makes sense. General feedback would also be very welcome! Would that be the sort of thing you're looking to do?

Author: Well, I was hoping for something where I produce documentation and can submit a PR at the end.

But I'll test the [managing software](https://ubuntu.com/server/docs/tutorial/managing-software/#managing-software) tutorial anyway. It looks like exactly the sort of the thing I should be familiar with.

Would you like to continue this conversation in Element or somewhere else so it doesn't block the merge?

Reviewer: Ah! If you want to write some documentation, we have two open issues that should require a bit of a deep-dive, but should be on accessible enough topics that you shouldn't get blocked by needing a specific setup. Take a look at #352 and #239 to see if either of those look interesting to you - if so, just leave a comment on the issue and I'll assign it to you. Otherwise, feel free to browse the issues list and see if there's anything there that you want to tackle, most of the issues are about updates to existing pages.

I'll go ahead and merge this one now :)

Author: Thank you!
